README.md, before:

# 12 Tasks of Hercules text-based game
This project is a Java text-based adventure game inspired by the legendary 12 Tasks of Hercules. Players progress through a series of interactive challenges, each designed to test problem-solving, resource management, and strategic decision-making.

I took full ownership of the project lifecycle, from concept design and planning to coding, debugging, and final polish. The game features:

* Object-Oriented Programming principles applied to manage tasks, gameplay logic, and user input.

* A multi-stage progression, with a scoring system.

* Iterative improvements based on testing and feedback to ensure smooth gameplay and user engagement.

This project strengthened my skills in Java, OOP, debugging, and project management, while allowing me to channel creativity into both the narrative design and technical implementation. Delivering a complete, playable game to a high standard reinforced my ability to see ambitious projects through from start to finish.

**How to run:**

Clone the repo and run the game with the run.sh script.

Commit message:

Enhance README with Docker setup and run instructions
Added Docker quick start instructions and updated run instructions.

README.md, after:

# 12 Tasks of Hercules text-based game
This project is a Java text-based adventure game inspired by the legendary 12 Tasks of Hercules. Players progress through a series of interactive challenges, each designed to test problem-solving, resource management, and strategic decision-making.

## Quick Start (Run via Docker)

You can play this game instantly on your machine without installing Java or compiling code.

**Prerequisite:** [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) must be running.

Run this command in your terminal:

```bash
docker run -it --rm jamiemottashed/12-tasks-of-hercules-text-game
```

## Project Info

I took full ownership of the project lifecycle, from concept design and planning to coding, debugging, and final polish. The game features:

* Object-Oriented Programming principles applied to manage tasks, gameplay logic, and user input.

* A multi-stage progression, with a scoring system.

* Iterative improvements based on testing and feedback to ensure smooth gameplay and user engagement.

This project strengthened my skills in Java, OOP, debugging, and project management, while allowing me to channel creativity into both the narrative design and technical implementation. Delivering a complete, playable game to a high standard reinforced my ability to see ambitious projects through from start to finish.

## Run Without Docker

Clone the repo into an IDE compatible with Java and run the game with the run.sh script.
